= Welcome to in_transition

in_transition is a custom web application built on the Ruby on Rails web framework.  This application serves as a testing ground for various concepts/plugins.  The long term focus of the application is to track Transition Initiatives in the Pittsburgh area.

== Installation

This is a rails 3 application and uses bundler to manage it's dependencies.  If necessary, install bundler via:

  gem install bundler

Then:

  git clone git://github.com/jtgeibel/in_transition.git
  cd in_transition
  bundle install --without production

== Intended Functionality

* Wiki-style Blogging and Group Postings
* Initiatives and Work Groups
** Meeting Notes (open space)
** News Stories
** Events
* Skills Swapping (#8. Facilitate the Great Reskilling)
* Links to Local Resources

== Plugins Used

This application is comprised of many external plugins.  A high level overview of these plugins is provided here.

=== Haml

http://haml-lang.com

HAML is used for the application's view templates.  HAML provides a structured way to interlace HTML and Ruby code.

I also use a similar templating language for style sheets.
Compass: http://compass-style.org/

=== Devise

http://github.com/plataformatec/devise

Devise is an authorization framework and handles user registration, sign-in, passwords, and email confirmation.

=== declarative_authorization

http://github.com/stffn/declarative_authorization

Provides role based authorization.  It uses an array of symbols (returned by the role_symbols method of the current user) and config/authorization_rules.rb to determine what actions a user (or guest) can take.

=== friendly_id

http://github.com/eric/friendly_id

Handles permalinks and slugging.  Text based IDs should help us rank better with search engines.

=== Other Plugins

* inherited_resources: http://github.com/josevalim/inherited_resources
* simple-navigation: http://github.com/andi/simple-navigation
* simple_form: http://github.com/plataformatec/simple_form
